Added optionsResolver in core/dom/image module (#642)
V4Fire/Client: src/core/dom/image/README.md

  }
};
```

> ### Patching options of image

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Resolving image options
```

  }
};
```

### Patching options of image

> You can provide a function for patching options of image

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can provide a function to resolve options of an image.
```

```typescript
import { ImageLoader } from 'core/dom/image';

@component()
export default class bSomeComponent extends iBlock {
  @hook('mounted')
  initImage(): void {
    ImageLoader.init(this.$el, {
      src: 'https://img.src',
      optionsResolver: (options) => {
        options.src += '?size=optimal';

        return options;
      }
    })
  }
}
```

> Or declare it in the default config

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Or declare it within the default config.
```

**core/dom/image/const.ts**

```typescript
import { DefaultParams } from 'core/dom/image';

export * from '@v4fire/client/core/dom/image/const'

/** @override */
export const defaultParams: DefaultParams = {
  broken: {
    src: require('assets/img/no-image.svg'),
  },

>   optionsResolver: (options) => {

Reviewer: ```suggestion

  optionsResolver: (options) => {
```
